Make `synthetic_radiograph.Tracker` deterministic by adding a random seed keyword to the `create_particles` method (#2487)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2487.feature.rst

> Added a `random_seed` keyword in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a ``random_seed`` keyword argument to
```

> Added a ``random_seed`` keyword in
> `~plasmapy.diagnostics.charged_particle_radiography.synthetic_radiography.Tracker.create_particles`
> method that makes the function deterministic to resolve intermittent test failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a ``random_seed`` keyword in 
the `~plasmapy.diagnostics.charged_particle_radiography.synthetic_radiography.Tracker.create_particles`
method of the `~plasmapy.diagnostics.charged_particle_radiography.synthetic_radiography.Tracker` class
to make the function deterministic to resolve intermittent test failures.
```
